Okay, good evening, Electrador Tudor,
good evening, how are you? Well, good
evening, yes, we're here. Well, just to
deny everything that's been said
about me out there, how are you? Well,
at first, I was
shocked when they said
everything they said about me at the beginning because I didn't
expect this to come to light. It's not
the first time they've talked about you in
public. Let's see, this time is the most viral.
Yes, it's true that it's the first time they've
mentioned you. Maybe in a video
directly, but I don't know if you know that
on Twitter, for the last year, she has
been making statements like
you're stalking her with multiple
accounts, that she's been unfaithful to her. Well, no, no. I mean,
mainly, no, because I
always completely ignore her. I mean,
from the first moment we broke up,
no, she hasn't paid attention to him. You have
pending legal proceedings. No.
Indeed, that's when I told Ricky
that I'm not going to do it, that anything that's
legal, I reject. More than anything
because, first of all, because, as I've
told you before, I already have a pending case
with my ex-partner, I don't have
enough evidence to win that one.  complaint
has a trial Yes, on November 16th,
on November 16th there is a trial with
Lali La, I don't know if right now she's
Ricky Eddy's girlfriend or boyfriend, even though they
say in the video that the procedure
is stopped because Well, the last one,
basically they didn't file it but they have
stopped it being a case with an
accompanying seriousness and with evidence and they
have stopped it For the simple fact
that time has passed, the defense says Oh,
and why didn't you report it at the
time,
with everything I've experienced with this case
of my ex-partner, it scares me a lot to have to
report a person without any
evidence, well, no, the trial is not
underway, I mean, it has been. In fact, very
recently, two months or so, their
part, mine, statements were made and now the
trial, I mean, when they recorded the
video less than a month ago, they knew
that there is a trial date, they are not
lying in the video, no, not that, a
month ago, a month ago, no, a month ago,
the date was not set, they have already set it this
week, but in the video they say that it
is stopped, but for one, in fact, the
documentation that you show me is  of the
beginning of June and here the
opening of the trial is requested So I don't understand
why they say in the video that it's
stopped, interpret it as stopped
as if they haven't given a date So to
speak, but the trial is there because
I have the restraining order. Of
course, I don't know if you saw
my videos that I made on the subject but of course
when they said stopped, I was
understanding it as filed, dismissed
but anyway, the documentation that
you have shown me because I have to
say that when I have spoken with Tudor I have
asked him for documentation and proof of everything that he is
going to tell me to contrast and
well, it does not seem at
all stopped in fact, this
is open at the beginning of June,
a diligence is opened, basically what is
requested at the beginning of June, the date of the
oral trial and recently they have given him a
trial date And how are you Are you
nervous? No, not at all, I am quite
worried, I am glad Well, let's
start at the beginning, Tudor is the
person they are talking about in the video,
Ricky Eddy and Lali is the person who has been
reported for gender violence, it has been
difficult for me to find it But  finally I
'm talking to him because I wanted to
know his version too and you're going to
have him there tonight first tudor if
you like we'll start from the beginning
How long have you been with Laura You since what
date What date and how was your
relationship? Well, we started
from May 2021 to April 2022 that you
know each other from the neighborhood or something No in fact I
met her through a
friend we had in common and it was one
night that we were going out
then we stayed up talking and such and
then the thing about going out together came up and
during the relationship with her How was it? Well,
pretty good
nothing ever happened I mean yes there were
arguments sometimes but nothing
out of this world toxicity Maybe
jealousy I wouldn't say it wasn't a
healthy relationship no I mean she didn't get upset when
you talked to friends
directly not because I spent the
day skating I mean that was why
we argued because I was always
skating didn't you notice during the relationship
maybe things like the experience that
Ricky has had of noticing that I
hid things from him lies or something like that
I did in fact she Many times  She
also told me that she deleted
conversations with friends because she always
deleted everything, I mean, on WhatsApp you went into
her WhatsApp and it seems that the only
conversations left were with her mother and
a few other people but with the rest she
deleted them I mean she
also talked to you about conversations
and that she deleted conversations and so on
yes And that's why because there were episodes
of distrust or you suspected no In
fact I don't suspect I never suspected
until one day she sent me one we broke up
once we stopped being a couple for
a week or so And of course I asked her
out and she was partying she sent me
an audio in which she told me that she had
hooked up with another guy that she
didn't care about me anymore and then the
next day she regretted it she told me it was a
lie that she said it out of anger and then
we got back together again and we were together for
three or four more months I mean in one in
a fight that you have she tells you that she was going
out with another guy that she doesn't want to be with
you anymore but then when she comes back she tells you
that she made it up because she gets
hot in the heat of the moment
I see this girl is prone to making things
up  certain episodes could not be
said that yes you have been unfaithful to
her or she has on some occasion Well
let's see It's that when I was
dating her it was the
youtubers game that was in Zaragoza and Ricky
Edith came and I remember that she told me
that she had known Ricky Eddy since she was
6 years old because they both lived in Crdoba they
lived across the street her mother also
knew him And she told me if I could go
spend the weekend with him that he
had invited her to a hotel with all
the youtubers and such And I said yes
because I was not a person to
distrust and she went one
weekend with him to a hotel and I remember
that she did not answer my messages she did not
answer me anything and her well Of course if the
game was on a Friday I meet on
Saturday at noon Saturday afternoon
after she did not answer
any calls with a photo of Ricky
edita hugging her from behind by the
height of the tits and of course the
first thing that crossed my mind was that he has
been unfaithful to me the expensive I was
writing to him I was writing to him no  he
answered me and when he answered me of course I
was completely freaked out when he
answered me I said here we have arrived we
broke up and he said no that I didn't know
that those photos were going to be uploaded what about
now I tell him that I didn't know that the photo was
going to be uploaded Exactly I said to him let's
see if you didn't know that they were going to be uploaded
because he takes these photos with you and
then also the video that he uploads they
recognize that weekend the
youtuber game they recognize as the beginning of
their relationship another relationship
officially started last year in July But
in June a month before we had for the
first time last year at an event
which was a youtuber game that I
was invited we had been talking for
a few days previously on Instagram
we met and we hit it off for
a few more days there in Zaragoza and super
well I mean we had a super good time I was able to
meet people from her environment and everything was great well no they did
n't know each other before
when she was very very young well
when they were both very young they had
known each other for many years but they
place it like let's see I understand that it's
like the beginning of the relationship or where
the relationship arises because in the
video they mention where it is not where we
met but of course they don't they
know each other they have photos from eight years ago, that
is, they have known each other for a long
time they have known each other I don't know where
8 years ago and these photographs were taken I don't
know how old Ali was at that
time And if maybe he was
simply asking her for a photo at a
fan level or something like that But well it
seems like a photo in which he knows each other and
she had a post on Instagram that is
now not public that said
surprise in the last photo who was
going to tell those two kids that eight
years later they would be in love but
in the video they affirm that they
started the relationship there on that
weekend Therefore there is like a flap
in your relationship and that of if it is true that
the weekend that I know that she
started going out with the
youtubers game then she cheated on
me because I was dating her at
that time and in fact I met Ricky
Edith the afternoon of the I'm not lying the thing is that
the photos were not on Saturday they
uploaded them on Sunday me  Ricky I met
on Saturday afternoon when he came down to where I was
skating, it's true and he didn't
stay long, I mean we said hello and I
remember that she went out again with him
and another friend to get something to drink somewhere, I
mean but your girlfriend you were also very
trusting no I mean because your girlfriend is that she didn't give a damn about anything There was no matter at all I
mean your girlfriend was there with someone with
a youtuber with a boy and he comes down they say
hello to you and they leave again yes because I
trusted what he told me He's a
friend since I was 6 years old I met him through my
mother and all that And well I trusted him he had no
reason to distrust me I don't know if you know for
sure but from what I've been doing these
last few weeks investigating and talking
to those close to you it's been said that
probably when she
started having
something with Ricky Eddy she hasn't left you yet I mean there's like there's
like a flap because
she wants to make sure that the future with
Ricky Ed was going well so she could leave
you Exactly she in fact after the
weekend youtubers well she already asked me for
forgiveness on Monday I got back with her and that's it  I
went out to a party that we
had organized that we were rpp at
that time
well organized we were the rpps and I
remember that we went out partying well and
coming home at 5 in the morning he
tells me that Hey look Ricky has invited me to
Andorra for a week to be with him
to record a couple of videos and all
that stuff and of course that's when I got angry and I
said to him Well if you go to Andorra I'm
really sorry but after what
happened this weekend what is
going to happen there and I said you'll know But if you
go I don't think we can continue
being together and being a couple and he
told me that we could trust each other and all that And I
said okay but on one condition you
call me she answers my calls and
messages she said okay And I remember that she
left the following Monday she left Andorra
that day we were talking well Such and such and on
Tuesday she called me Well Tuesday she
called me in the morning and told me that she was
leaving me by call that she couldn't be
with me anymore that Ricky had opened her
eyes that she couldn't be she couldn't
continue being my partner  You find out
through a video call that she doesn't want to
be with you anymore but at the same time she's with
him Well, Ricky Edith
had sort of spoken to him that night that I had made him
open his eyes about how
I was with her because supposedly I
was a very bad person with her because I didn't
pay attention to her I only focused on
skating and all that but that she was with
him still No, no, that I found out about that
a month later and how do you find out Well, from some
friends who told me you know that Laura
is dating Ricky and I said well, no,
but I don't care I wouldn't catch you at some
point Sure, if it seems to you, before
continuing with Ricky and
Lali's relationship And how you take it and so on, I would
like us to talk now about the
episode of The aggression, which is the
episode that she reports, it is the
episode that is supposed to go viral
in Zaragoza and for which you face
22 months in prison, they are not asking for
22 months in prison, effectively 11
months for the violence and another 11 months
for the threats, according to her, what
exactly is reported in that complaint What
is the episode of the  photograph where
she is bloodied yes On the one
hand she reports that as if she has changed her
version and now instead of being the one who
hit her it is me but there is something There is something
else in the complaint for example another
assault at home or another assault is that what
Report what is at stake is it is
not worth it I was already giving context
for this in the videos that I uploaded these
past few days but basically Lali
suddenly uploads a story to her
Instagram account with her face covered in blood and at
first she accuses a man
of having hit her In fact I have been
able to access and I have been able to see
conversations where Lali perfectly describes
this supposed man that they cannot
find, she does not describe him as Moroccan,
about 70 and something, also I would love for you to
see those conversations one day,
I am not going to publish them
because they do not belong to me but they are
conversations in which she
is making it up she is very into the
role Because she describes a mcgrid on
this corner in this square at this
height she told me this her voice was like that
were you her partner at that moment no
yes And how  you get the news Well let's see
we were coming back I had
been skating in the center of
Zaragoza where I always skate and we
were coming back home and we were
at home an argument came up at 2
something in the morning and of course to
clear my head and not keep arguing I
grabbed my cigarettes keys lighter my
phone and I went outside next to my house
to smoke and clear my head and she came out
behind me and after 15 or 20 minutes she
called me saying Hey Come to the entrance quick
run they hit me and when I went
Well she told me that a
boy who was passing by on the street had hit her and he
told her to go with her I mean he
told me to go with him she didn't
want to the other boy grabbed her
hand she let go and the other one
punched him twice and ran
away and of course at first I
grabbed the house keys and I
went out to look for the boy well all over the
area where he had been and there was
no way to find him it was impossible it
was 2 and  something in the morning I mean
she posts the stories on Instagram that same night
or the other day they seem to me I think I think she
uploaded it the same day she
asks for help to locate him no I
mean like in case someone I don't know if
someone had seen if he was in the
neighborhood and had seen something some boy
dressed the same around there or if I don't know we
tried to look for him but there
was no way one very important thing of
the things that they have sent me the most because I
insist I have asked this boy for
documentation and everything he has until
today obviously everything cannot be
shown but one very
important thing is that you shared
these stories of
her trying to locate you on your Instagram account you gave it
diffusion and in fact on yours and
hers it says if anyone finds this
boy notify me, Lali or Tudor
effectively That's how these stories go
viral very viral She got me to
give the story I think 30 and
something thousand people and she went up to Followers
about 2,000 3,000 followers went up so it
's true that in Zaragoza
the subject went very viral no  yes,
an account uploaded it, I'm from Zaragoza and everything up to
the point that the police contacted
her, yes indeed, and she refused to
report it, I
also made it public, it also went
viral in your city, of course,
the police came to my house to tell me,
we've seen this that you posted, which
is to report it. At first, I
said no because I was scared.
The first time the police
contacted her, you were still
her partner and she doesn't want to report it
because we got into it, well, I don't remember very
well, but she told me that she didn't want to
report it. I insisted that she
report it to me, she reiterated that no, no, no, no, no
because I because I
remember because because it had just happened to her
that she was
happening to me with her dog and I remember that she had
an episode two weeks or three weeks
before with a boy and that he held her
hand and such and that it was useless,
at all, like, she reported it and what she
did was useless, I mean, it's how it is, how it
is, like a simile to what she
says now, no, no, she doesn't report her
abuser because he has already reported
you  And since it's useless, well, it's not
a kind of simile when she changes her
version because Costa and I
know that at first she has one
version and then little by little she starts
saying that you were the aggressor. When she
changes her version, well, eight months
later, you're eight months old, she's already
with Ricky. Yes, yes. I mean, they'd been together for about
half a year or close to
half a year, that is, in between, in
between, when it goes from being a
Moroccan to you, love arises
between her and Ricky and suddenly it's you
and you. How do you receive it when you find out that she
changes her version, how do you
find out and how do you receive it? Well, I was
partying at the disco in Zaragoza and I
remember that she, I saw that she had
taken an old friend of mine out to talk. I do
n't know if she told him what happened at that moment.
But I think so because an
hour later, two friends came up to me yelling at me
inside the disco, telling me if I
was an idiot, that I knew what I had
done was terrible, and of course, without
telling me that what they were really
referring to was that I had hit her, and
a month later I  a guy came up to me as we were escaping
from where we used to skate and said uncle
is it true that you hit your ex and
of course I was like well I was like
dumb and I said No No
I haven't hit anyone nor have I ever gotten into a fight
with anyone or attacked anyone and
that's when I really found out that
she said that the one who attacked her
instead of the Moroccan guy let's see who
had attacked him was me and how do you feel well
I was shocked by this I stopped
skating and everything and I remember
sitting down to think a little about
how we could have gotten to this you call her you
call someone no until months
later of course I was losing
friends little by little because they were
believing it there was a moment when a
friend of mine recommended that I call her
and tell her that she should stop
saying these things about me so well I
had one I called her mother I was
talking to her and I said Hey look
Laura is saying this about me please
tell her to stop saying that because she's
creating a  very bad image here and we
have it recorded and everything, I mean, we
record all the conversations that
we've had with anyone who is
related to her
with her mother Yes, I mean, you have, you have the
mother recorded saying that her mother
couldn't believe it, how could
Laura be saying that about me, I mean, that she
believes in you basically No yes
basically
at first because then her
mother sings she also changed her version her
mother went from believing in me so much to one
day when she she after she
started saying all that when she
started changing her version was 8
months ago Well, a year later she
reported me at 4 in the morning and hours
before her mother came to where we
were always skating in the center
and her mother insulted me warned me to be
careful and of course
at first I was in
shock because her mother came to yell at me
there in the middle of the plaza of
everyone and I remember that at that moment
I didn't say anything because I had a friend who
was a little far away and yelled at me because of
the argument and yelled two They don't
argue if one doesn't  wants and I remember
that at that moment I shut up and didn't say
anything to her, well I remember that I left.
Well, I went back to the plaza for dinner again and
she was there, I didn't maintain any
contact with her, I mean, I didn't even look at her or
speak to her or shout anything around there. I remember
that I stayed sitting with two friends there
apart and after an hour or so the
National Police came to us and said, Hey,
this girl just called us saying that you
were bothering her and we Of course we
said and that we've been
looking at our cell phones here for an hour sitting
talking to each other without bothering
anyone and well at first the
police told me well if you don't go somewhere
else now to clear your head and such we'll
have to arrest you and well, since it
was obvious I wasn't going to stay I left it did
n't cost me anything to move from there but it was her who
called her or a friend of
hers and of course I went with my
friends around there of course I went with a
friend home who stayed over and
the police came to me at 8 in the morning to
tell me today at 4  This morning I
reported you Lali and that you don't have to come with
us to the police station.
Put on some comfortable clothes and all and come with
us. Of course, I went with
them. I spent two nights in jail.
I remember that when I got out, if I went in on
Saturday morning, well, I got out on
Sunday afternoon. I remember that there was
a quick trial in which I testified
because they recommended that I testify
because I really had nothing to hide.
Well, when I got out, I
remember that I met up with my friends and they
told me that I had a
restraining order. I couldn't go near
her, her house, her workplace, or
those 200 meters. I remember that I
spent two months or something like that without being
able to go to where I normally skated
because she always went, so for a
while she started going to the places
I went. But when they talk about a
quick trial, they're talking about a trial, there was
a sentence or it's a testimony. What they do to
you when you get out of jail? They
give you like a quick hearing about
the events and such. And they release you
but with a lawyer.  office then I
already changed lawyers but there is no
sentence on anything no I mean no no no there was
no Sentence is only worth the
restraining order that was put
provisional and based on what
evidence I mean that is what
she presents because according to her and Ricky
in the video the evidence they have on
you is indisputable because it seems to me that they
only presented the photo and it seems to me that they
presented their witness friend who was later
rejected that is what the
testimony presents yes Those are the evidence that
Ricky and Lali say are indisputable
indeed And what do you contribute in return?
Well, I have experted
WhatsApp Instagram conversations there are months and I
have experted everything so that they are valid in a
trial, I have witnesses of all the days
that I have seen her by chance or
not by chance and maybe a month after I
broke up with her to meet
once because it just coincided that she gave me
a gift and such then also Well yes
the conversations, the photo, I made a
testimony, I have a witness who was there
the day that her mother warned me and
little else, what I really have
conversations and I have it in everything, that is,
in some of those conversations  you talk
about the assault when I blamed someone else
Yes yes yes
conversations that say more or less
Exactly I have conversations in
which I had recommended that she
file a complaint in which I was
trying to find out Who was the boy
who Hey look this one He told me that it is
possible that he knows who this is because he
told me yes but in the end no
things like that and
how does it occur to him to report this Do
you think of filing a complaint against
her for a false complaint when
the trial that I'm having ends Now you are
going to go for it No effectively
because really this has given me
a very bad reputation Man you have spent two
days in the cell that I would not have a
good time there No Well but if it had
been only that I would not have cared but
really It's that to me everyone who
has seen me around there whenever I have come close to
a place to skate Hey look that
is Tudor the one who abused his ex-partner And
of course it doesn't sit well with me What
the people in the area have told me is that they have never
seen you two together or fought
or any bad vibes And look I
was asking or rather I am telling the truth eh yes  they
would have said Hey, well you used to
fight in the street, I would say it Because I don't
know you at all You're welcome This is the
first time we've talked Let's go
right now that we're talking about this and I'm
telling you what they've told me Have you
ever had any contact with Ricky
Eddy apart from that greeting you're telling me about?
Yes, he wrote to me once in the morning at
5 in the morning to tell me that I should
n't chase his girlfriend all over
Zaragoza, all the
clubs in Zaragoza, that I should go and
clear my head somewhere else, that Zaragoza was too
big for him to get to where he was, he's
made contacts everywhere
and that he made sure that I didn't
bother him anymore Sorry, excuse me, how he
contacted you on WhatsApp, I mean, at the beginning,
okay, at the beginning
Ricky, at first, when
Laura left me, he wrote me a huge text, I mean, a
three-page text telling me
that it was better for me to stay away from her, to
stop talking to her, that it's not a good
option for her, if you want me to just
send it to you in photos and such, I'll send you the whole
text, yeah, just to check, okay,
because that's not  I could publish But he
contacts you later when you are already
reported or before you are
reported much earlier much earlier before it
is reported Ricky already
contacts you asking you not to coincide with
her anywhere that he does not want to
see you near her no effectively And that he
has many contacts because But
why is he famous he refers I suppose that must have been why
there he told me I have
contacts under the stones and that I
will make sure that you do not bother him anymore
Oh okay and at that moment he does not talk to you about
the aggression he does not tell you Hey no,
that you attacked him anything he did not mention
anything to me in fact that story has
another thing because really what happened
that day was I had gone to a club
she was there I went to another I went to
another club and she came back
after me and I went to another to a third and to
the third she came too and then as a
last resort we went to the other
side of Zaragoza to party to
get away from it You have to go
at that moment I did not have the
restraining order that happened six months after
the breakup with her and I went to  a
club that a friend had tickets to, so
to get in I had some tickets so I
went to get them and when I came back on a street
next to Plaza del Pilar,
well I found her there with
her friends looking for me after she had
been calling me all night
texting me saying we could meet up and
talk things over etc.
On Twitter she accuses you of
creating multiple accounts to stalk her
on social media well it's a complete lie you
know that to forgive herself with Ricky she has
stopped talking to all these friends
that she has Well I imagine that she does
n't know her friends because almost
all of them are like from Madrid or something like that but
there's a friend who is like her friend no that is a
friend from many years not
from her whole life could she be that friend well it
seems to me that it seems to me that she is
a friend because in fact when she was
dating me they were already friends for
quite some time I mean they are friends from a while ago
maybe ten years ago around
there no that they are friends it couldn't be yes and
what do you think about not caring about
letting her talk to her to save her
relationship with Ricky or to save her well
her more than saves her relationship  her story
Well I don't know I don't know to what extent to
believe it the fact that they have stopped
talking you think that it could be that they do
talk to each other but they have told this to the
boyfriend because I have seen comments from
the friend like that they don't have a very good
image of Ricky Well that can't be I don't
know to what extent it is that they
criticize Ricky And such But the fact that it
could be that they have told him that they don't
talk to each other anymore but they do talk to each other
could be completely true and you think
that or it costs you there in the area that
Lali could have hidden more things
from Ricky regularly Yes in fact I have
had friends who have told me that it is
possible that more things have happened in
Zaragoza
Well tudor I don't know if you wanted to say something
else but I think that we have gone over
everything because for me no little more are you
worried about the trial nothing no
absolutely nothing I imagine that your
lawyer I understand that they have to if
only in the complaint that the papers
that they have sent me is the only thing that says they
are pursuing the aggression she
has to prove that the aggression was
you but  Of course, given the evidence
that you have and having conversations with
her where you talk about a third party, there are
many more versions of people who talk
about a third party and there are many versions of
people who confirm that she spoke of
a third party. Until eight months later, when she
changes her version and changes the aggressor, he
will be completely calm. Your
lawyer will have told you to be
completely calm, indeed. In
fact, he told me that I could comment on
the subject so I could tell my version and not be
left with a bad image. Of
course, uncle, and your family is calm
or they must have had a bad time too, I
imagine. In fact, my father, in fact, I
remember that the friend who stayed that
morning with
me from the police station since they were going to
admit me to the cell and they told me that I
had a call and I called him
to tell him that
now what had happened to my father and
my mother, that I should call each one of them and
tell them what had happened
because my father was the only one who was
at home. At that moment, and I knew that something
like shock. At the moment of saying, Hey, look,
we came to arrest your son for this
and of course my father was like, I can't
believe that  my son has done this Just
imagine the damage they've done not
only to you but to your surroundings Because
those days nobody can take it away from your
father and your mother Eh well then
my parents said let's see because of course
they have what had happened to me that
Ricky had sent me that on WhatsApp
what had happened to her that she
told me that it had been me I told
all my parents and my
parents They already knew more or less How it was and
the moment but the moment of the
complaint and such that they came to pick me up
Of course my father was paralyzed he said I
don't know how it could have happened to this but
and my mother I also remember that I left
The cell my mother came to pick me up and
everything and my mother was also
freaking out they must have had a terrible time for you I
imagine if my parents were
worried all weekend my mother
well tudor when there is news
about the case keep us informed
if you don't mind Thank you very much for
trusting me to tell your version and
that everything goes well nothing to you for wanting to
interview me
[Music]